Add image autobumper documentation (#12205)
kyma-project/test-infra: cmd/image-autobumper/README.md

# Image Autobumper

> Image Autobumper is a tool for automatically updating the version of a Docker image in a GitHub repository. It is designed to automatically detected the latest version of the image and update the version in the repository based on the provided configuration.

Author: Moved information into Key Features section

Key features:
* Automatically detects the latest version of the image
* Automatically detects places in the file where image urls are defined
* Automatically updates the version of the image in the files

## Quickstart Guide

> You can use Image Autobumper in your GitHub workflow to update the version of a Docker image in a GitHub repository. It autoamtically detects yaml files (both `.yaml` and `.yml`) in the repository. You can configure the tool to update the version of the image in other files with `extraFiles` option in the configuration file.

Reviewer: This is mainly repetition of what you've already said.

Author: Removed repetetition, at least tried to remove all of them.

> You can use Image Autobumper in your GitHub workflow to update the version of a Docker image in a GitHub repository. It autoamtically detects yaml files (both `.yaml` and `.yml`) in the repository. You can configure the tool to update the version of the image in other files with `extraFiles` option in the configuration file.
> [Here](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/.github/workflows/autobump-images.yml) is an example of a GitHub workflow updating the version of a Docker image using Image Autobumper.
> [Here](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/configs/autobump-config/test-infra-autobump-config.yaml) is an example of a configuration file for Image Autobumper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Image Autobumper in your GitHub workflow to detect YAML files (both `.yaml` and `.yml`) in the repository. With the `extraFiles' option in the configuration file, you can also configure the tool to update the version of the image in other files.
See the following examples:
* [GitHub workflow updating the Docker image version using Image Autobumper](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/.github/workflows/autobump-images.yml)
* [Configuration file for Image Autobumper](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/configs/autobump-config/test-infra-autobump-config.yaml)
```

> ## Supported events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Events
```

> Image Autobumper supports all events that trigger a GitHub Workflow, except the `pull_request` event. That limitation is caused by requirement to fetch the `kyma-bot` token, which is used to access the forked repository. The `pull_request` event does not provide the OIDC token required to authenticate against Google Cloud Secret Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image Autobumper supports all events that trigger a GitHub workflow except the **pull_request** event. That limitation is caused by the requirement to fetch the `kyma-bot` token, which is used to access the forked repository. The **pull_request** event does not provide the OIDC token required to authenticate against Google Cloud Secret Manager.
```

> ## Reusable workflow reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reusable Workflow Reference
```

> The workflow that uses Image Autobumper reusable workflow must use the exact reference to the reusable workflow. The value of the `uses` key must be `kyma-project/test-infra/.github/workflows/image-autobumper.yml@main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow that uses Image Autobumper reusable workflow must use the exact reference to the reusable workflow. The value of the **uses** key must be `kyma-project/test-infra/.github/workflows/image-autobumper.yml@main`.
```

```yaml
uses: kyma-project/test-infra/.github/workflows/image-builder.yml@main
```

> > [!IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
```

> > Using different references to the reusable workflow will result in an error during the workflow execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using different references to the reusable workflow results in an error during the workflow execution.
```

> ## Reusable workflow inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reusable Workflow Inputs
```

> The Image Autobumper reusable workflow accepts inputs to parametrize the build process. See the accepted inputs description in the [image-autobumper reusable workflow](/.github/workflows/image-autobumper.yml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Image Autobumper reusable workflow accepts inputs to parametrize the build process. See the accepted inputs description in the [`image-autobumper` reusable workflow](/.github/workflows/image-autobumper.yml) file.
```
